♪ ♪
♪ WE FOUND EACH OTHER ♪
♪ I HELPED YOU OUT OF
A BROKEN PLACE ♪
♪ YOU GAVE ME COMFORT ♪
♪ BUT FALLING FOR YOU
WAS MY MISTAKE ♪
♪ I PUT YOU ON TOP ♪
♪ I CLAIMED YOU SO
PROUD AND OPENLY ♪
♪ AND WHEN TIMES
WERE ROUGH ♪
♪ WHEN TIMES WERE ROUGH ♪
♪ I MADE SURE I HELD
YOU CLOSE TO ME ♪
♪ SO CALL OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ (CALL OUT MY NAME) ♪
♪ CALL OUT MY NAME WHEN
I KISS YOU SO GENTLY ♪
♪ I WANT YOU TO STAY ♪
♪ (I WANT YOU TO STAY) ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU
DON'T WANT ME ♪
♪ GIRL WHY CAN'T YOU WAIT ♪
♪ (WHY CAN'T YOU WAIT BABY) ♪
♪ GIRL WHY CAN'T YOU WAIT
TIL I FALL OUT OF LOVE ♪
♪ WON'T YOU CALL
OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ (CALL OUT MY NAME) ♪
♪ GIRL CALL OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I'LL BE ON MY WAY ♪
♪ AND I'LL BE ON MY ♪
♪ I SAID I DIDN'T
FEEL NOTHING BABY ♪
♪ BUT I LIED ♪
♪ I ALMOST CUT A PIECE OF
MYSELF FOR YOUR LIFE ♪
♪ GUESS I WAS JUST
ANOTHER PIT STOP ♪
♪ TIL YOU MADE
UP YOUR MIND ♪
♪ YOU'RE JUST
WASTING MY TIME ♪
♪ YOU'RE ON TOP ♪
♪ I PUT YOU ON TOP ♪
♪ I CLAIMED YOU SO
PROUD AND OPENLY BABY ♪
♪ AND WHEN TIMES
WERE ROUGH ♪
♪ WHEN TIMES WERE ROUGH ♪
♪ I MADE SURE I HELD
YOU CLOSE TO ♪
♪ SO CALL OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ (CALL OUT MY NAME BABY) ♪
♪ SO CALL OUT MY NAME
WHEN I KISS YOU SO GENTLY ♪
♪ I WANT YOU TO STAY ♪
♪ (I WANT YOU TO STAY) ♪
♪ EVEN THOUGH YOU
DON'T WANT ME ♪
♪ GIRL WHY CAN'T YOU WAIT ♪
♪ (GIRL WHY CAN'T
YOU WAIT TIL I) ♪
♪ GIRL WHY CAN'T YOU WAIT
TIL I FALL OUT OF LOVE ♪
♪ BABY CALL OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ (CALL OUT MY NAME BABY) ♪
♪ GIRL CALL OUT MY NAME ♪
♪ AND I'LL BE ON
MY WAY GIRL ♪
♪ I'LL BE ON MY ♪
♪ (ON MY WAY, ON MY WAY) ♪
♪♪♪